What was that?
So fucking harsh
I really didn't expect the mother sword to wait for such a magic weapon
My spirit is here
I can't believe you can still help him
My lord can see this again today
Yeah, oh my god
How have you been?
Bring your own true spirit
The power to destroy the bones of the gods
Feng'er, hurry up and step towards the cold
Are you really keeping out the cold?
Little bee, I see you frowning
There must be no way
Ahahaha
Father, you died that day, is it true?
Today I will avenge you
I don't know because of my ingenuity.
But even the power of the bones has been carved
Now I really have no chance of winning
Tianji Shentang
If you have any whispers, just say it
You can't tell when I kill him later
Senior sister is in prison
Little girl, if you want to blame
It's your junior brother who doesn't care about your life
The same mistake.
I, Xiao Yingfeng, will not shout again.
The world is not cold
But today's situation is like revenge against the cold